---
title: Definitions
sidebar_position: 1
---

#### Definitions.

**Account Address** means a public key address on the Designated Blockchain Network that is uniquely associated with a single private key, and at which no smart contract has been deployed.

**Act** has the meaning ascribed to that term in Section 1(a).

**Affiliate** means, with respect to any Person, any other Person controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such Person; in such context, "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct the management or policies of another, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise.

**Agreement** means this Guiding Principles Agreement of the DAO.

**Allow minting tokens**, allow changing tokens, allow setting terminals, allow setting the controller, allow terminal migrations, allow controller migration" Projects can allow various bits of treasury functionality on a per-funding cycle basis. These functions are disabled by default.

**Amendments** Any provision of this Charter may be amended, waived or modified only upon a vote in favor of such amendment, waiver or modification by the DAO Members through the Designated Smart Contract.

**Audit** A testing network for a new token, project, or product, or for potential improvements to an existing product or offering. Testnets are used to test the viability and vulnerability of new ideas, concepts, code, and processes prior to moving on to a production network or networks of some sort.

**Ballot** In the context of the Juicebox Protocol; The address of a contract that adheres to IJBFundingCycleBallot, which can provide custom criteria that prevents funding cycle reconfigurations from taking effect. A common implementation is to force reconfigurations to be submitted at least n days before the end of the current funding cycle, giving the community foresight into any misconfigurations or abuses of power before they take effect. A more complex implementation might include on-chain governance. By default the Juicebox Protocol provides for seven (7) and three (3) day delays, as well as custom implementations.

**Ballot redemption rate** In the context of the Juicebox Protocol; A project can specify a custom redemption rate that only applies when a proposed reconfiguration is waiting to take effect. This can be used to automatically allow for more favorable redemption rates during times of potential change.

**Bonding Curve** In the context of the Juicebox Protocol; also known as Redemption rate, Redemption curve. See Redemption rate.

**Claim** means any past, present or future dispute, claim, controversy, demand, right, obligation, liability, action or cause of action of any kind or nature.

**Consensus Attack** means an attack that: (i) is undertaken by or on behalf of a block producer who controls, or group of cooperating block producers who collectively control, a preponderance of the means of block production on the Designated Blockchain Network; and (ii) has the actual or intended effect of: (A) reversing any transaction made to or by the Designated Smart Contract after Confirmation of such transaction, including any “double spend” attack having or intended to have such effect; or (B) preventing inclusion in blocks or Confirmation of any transaction made to or by the Designated Smart Contract, including any “censorship attack,” “transaction withholding attack” or “block withholding attack” having or intended to have such effect.

**Consensus Rules** means the rules for transaction validity, block validity and determination of the canonical blockchain that are embodied in the Designated Client.

**Confirmation** of a transaction shall be deemed to have occurred if and only if such transaction has been recorded in accordance with the Consensus Rules in a valid block whose hashed header is referenced by at least 30 subsequent valid blocks on the Designated Blockchain.

**Construction** Any rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafter shall not be applied in the construction or interpretation of this Charter. This Charter constitutes the entire agreement among the DAO Members with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the DAO Members with respect to the subject matter hereof.

**Contract** means any: (i) written, oral, implied by course of performance or otherwise or other agreement, contract, understanding, arrangement, settlement, instrument, warranty, license, insurance policy, benefit plan or legally binding commitment or undertaking; or (ii) any representation, statement, promise, commitment, undertaking, right or obligation that may be enforceable, or become subject to an Order directing performance thereof, based on equitable principles or doctrines such as estoppel, reliance, or quasi-contract.

**DAO** means Decentralized Autonomous Organization, the DAO may choose to follow the Unincorporated nonprofit association act under Nevada, Delaware, Washington or another state where the Uniform Unincorporated Nonprofit Association Act of 2008 was adopted.

**DAO Expenses** has the meaning ascribed to that term in Section 7(b)(i).

**DAO Property** means any Token or other asset, right or property licensed to or on deposit with or owned, held, custodied, controlled or possessed by or on behalf of the DAO, including any Token on deposit with or held, controlled, possessed by or on deposit with the Designated Smart Contract.

**Dapp** means an online portal or other interactive software used by the DAO to build and create Ethereum based treasuries for projects to manage funding cycles, token issuances including the computation of reserved tokens, discount rates, and redemption rates, which is maintained by the DAO, its Members, or another Person. Governance activities which are performed on Snapshot.org or other Snapshot servers, within the DAO's Spaces, are also considered to be Dapp activities.

**Data source** The address of a contract that adheres to IJBFundingCycleDataSource, which can be used to extend or override what happens when the treasury receives funds, and what happens when someone tries to redeem their project tokens. This is a technical feature of the Juicebox Protocol.

**Discount rate** The percent to automatically decrease the subsequent cycle's weight from the current cycle's weight. The discount rate is not applied during funding cycles where the weight is explicitly reconfigured. This is a technical feature of the Juicebox Protocol.

**Disputes; Mandatory Arbitration** Any Legal Proceeding, Claim or other dispute or controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement, its enforcement, or the breach thereof shall be finally resolved by binding arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration Procedures; provided, however, that any DAO Member may seek injunctive relief in aid of arbitration in order to prevent irreparable harm or preserve the status quo. EACH DAO MEMBER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS CHARTER, THE DESIGNATED SMART CONTRACT, THE DAO MATTERS OR THE ACTIONS OF THE DAO MEMBERS IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT OF THIS AGREEMENT.

**Distribution limit** The amount of funds that can be distributed out from the project's treasury during a funding cycle. The project owner can pre-program a list of addresses, other the DAO projects, and contracts that adhere to IJBSplitsAllocator to split distributions between. Treasury funds in excess of the distribution limit is considered overflow, which can serve as runway or be reclaimed by token holders who redeem their tokens. Distributing is a public transaction that anyone can call on a project's behalf. The project owner can also include a split that sends a percentage of the distributed funds to the address who executes this transaction. The protocol charges a JBX membership fee on funds withdrawn from the network. There are no fees for distributions to other the DAO projects. Distribution limits can be specified in any currency that the JBPrices contract has a price feed for. This is a technical feature of the Juicebox Protocol.

**Designated Blockchain** means at any give time, the version of the digital blockchain ledger that at least a majority of nodes running the Designated Client on the Designated Blockchain Network recognize as canonical as of such time in accordance with the Consensus Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the “Designated Blockchain” does not refer to e.g. Ethereum Classic or any digital blockchain ledger commonly known as a “testnet”.

**Designated Blockchain Network** means the Ethereum mainnet (networkID:1, chainID:1), as recognized by the Designated Client.

**Designated Client** means the Official Go Ethereum client available at https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum, Infura, Alchemy, as long as it is compatible with the aforementioned Designated Blockchain Network.

**Designated Smart Contract** means the smart contracts referenced in [contract addresses](./6.%20contract-addresses.md) on the Designated Blockchain.

**Distributed DAO Property** means any asset, right or property that was once DAO Property and has been distributed to a DAO Member.

**Duration** How long each funding cycle lasts (specified in seconds). All funding cycle properties are unchangeable while the cycle is in progress. In other words, any proposed reconfigurations can only take effect during the subsequent cycle. If no reconfigurations were submitted by the project owner, or if proposed changes fail the current cycle's ballot, a copy of the latest funding cycle will automatically start once the current one ends. A cycle with no duration lasts indefinitely, and reconfigurations can start a new funding cycle with the proposed changes right away. This is a technical feature of the Juicebox Protocol.

**Governing principles** means the agreements, whether oral, in a record, or implied from its established practices, or in any combination thereof, which govern the purpose or operation of an unincorporated nonprofit association and the rights and obligations of its members and managers. The term includes any amendment or restatement of the agreements constituting the governing principles.

**Governance rights** means the entire interest of a Member in the DAO, as measured by a Member's Tokens, including, without limitation, all rights and obligations contemplated or agreed to under this Agreement, and any right to vote on, consent to, or otherwise participate in any decision or action of or by the Members granted by this Agreement or the Act.

**Governing Law** All rights and obligations hereunder will be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions thereof.

**Established practices** means the practices used by an unincorporated nonprofit association without material change during the most recent five years of its existence, or if it has existed for less than five years, during its entire existence.

**Hold fees** By default, JBX membership fees are paid automatically when funds are distributed out of the ecosystem from a project's treasury. During funding cycles configured to hold fees, this fee amount is set aside instead of being immediately processed. Projects can get their held fees returned by adding the same amount of withdrawn funds back to their treasury. Otherwise, the DAO or the project can process these held fees at any point to get JBX at the current rate. This allows a project to withdraw funds and later add them back into their the DAO treasury without incurring fees. This applies to both distributions from the distribution limit and from the overflow allowance.

**Legal Order** means any restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction, stay or other order, writ, injunction, judgment or decree that either: (i) is issued by a court of competent jurisdiction, or (ii) arises by operation of applicable law as if issued by a court of competent jurisdiction, including, in the case of clause “(ii)” an automatic stay imposed by applicable law upon the filing of a petition for bankruptcy.

**Legal Proceeding** means any private or governmental action, suit, litigation, arbitration, claim, proceeding (including any civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or appellate proceeding), hearing, inquiry, audit, examination or investigation commenced, brought, conducted or heard by or before, or otherwise involving, any court or other governmental entity or any arbitrator or arbitration panel.

**Liability** means any debt, obligation, duty or liability of any nature (including any unknown, undisclosed, unmatured, unaccrued, unasserted, contingent, indirect, conditional, implied, vicarious, inchoate derivative, joint, several or secondary liability), regardless of whether such debt, obligation, duty or liability would be required to be disclosed on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and regardless of whether such debt, obligation, duty or liability is immediately due and payable. To be “Liable” means to have, suffer, incur, be obligated for or be subject to a Liability.

**Lien** means any lien, pledge, hypothecation, charge, mortgage, security interest, encumbrance, other possessory interest, conditional sale or other title retention agreement, intangible property right, claim, infringement, option, right of first refusal, preemptive right, exclusive license of intellectual property, community property interest or restriction of any nature including any restriction on the voting of any security or restriction on the transfer, use or ownership of any security or other asset.

**Manager** means a person that is responsible, alone or in concert with others, for the management of an unincorporated nonprofit association.

**Majority vote** means the approval of Members holding at least a majority-in-interest of all claimed Tokens.

**Material Adverse Exception Event** means that one or more of the following has occurred, is occurring or would reasonably be expected to occur:

> **(i)** a Consensus Attack adversely affecting the results or operations of the Designated Smart Contract;

> **(ii)** the Designated Smart Contract having become inoperable, inaccessible or unusable, including as the result of any code library or repository incorporated by reference into the Designated Smart Contract or any other smart contract or oracle on which the Designated Smart Contract depends having become inoperable, inaccessible or unusable or having itself suffered a Material Adverse Exception Event, mutatis mutandis;

> **(iii)** a material and adverse effect on the use, functionality or performance of the Designated Smart Contract as the result of any bug, defect or error in the Designated Smart Contract or the triggering, use or exploitation (whether intentional or unintentional) thereof (it being understood that for purposes of this clause “(iii)”, a bug, defect or error will be deemed material only if it results in a loss to a DAO Member or the DAO of at least **TBD** percent of such DAO Member's distributable interest in the DAO Property and/or **TBD** percent of the DAO Property);

> **(iv)** any unauthorized use of an administrative function or privilege of the Designated Smart Contract, including: (A) any use of any administrative credential, key, password, account or address by a Person who has misappropriated or gained unauthorized access to such administrative credential, key, password, account or address or (B) any unauthorized use of an administrative function or privilege by a DAO Member or a representative of a DAO Member; or

> **(v)** the Designated Smart Contract, any of the DAO Members or the DAO Property is subject to a Legal Order that prohibits the Designated Smart Contract (or that, if the Designated Smart Contract were a Person, would prohibit the Designated Smart Contract) from executing any function or operation it would otherwise reasonably be expected to execute.

**Member** means each Person entering into this Agreement as a member or subsequently admitted as a member pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, but does not include any Person that has ceased to be a Member of the DAO. If at any time there is only one Member, then all references to "Members" shall be deemed to mean "Member."

**Non-Fungible Tokens** ("NFT" or "NFTs") means a cryptographic token based on the Ethereum ERC 721, 1155, or similar standard or other blockchain based asset.

**Overflow allowance** The amount of treasury funds that the project owner can distribute on-demand. This allowance does not reset per-funding cycle. Instead, it lasts until the project owner explicitly proposes a reconfiguration with a new allowance. The protocol charges a JBX membership fee on funds withdrawn from the network. Overflow allowances can be specified in any currency that the JBPrices contract has a price feed for. This is a technical feature of the Juicebox Protocol.

**Pause payments, pause distributions, pause redemptions, pause burn** Projects can pause various bits of its treasury's functionality on a per-funding cycle basis. These functions are unpaused by default. This is a technical feature of the Juicebox Protocol.

**Person** means any human, robot, bot, artificial intelligence, corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, estate, trust, association (including an unincorporated nonprofit association) or other individual or entity recognized as having the status of a person under the law.

**Proceeding** means any action, claim, suit, investigation, or proceeding by or before any court, arbitrator, governmental body, self-regulatory agency, or other agency.

**“Property”** means all property, whether real, personal, or mixed or tangible or intangible, or any right or interest therein.

**Redemption rate** The percentage of a project's treasury funds that can be reclaimed by community members by redeeming the project's tokens during the funding cycle. A rate of 100% suggests a linear proportion, meaning n% of treasury overflow can be reclaimed by redeeming n% of the token supply. This is a technical feature of the Juicebox Protocol.

**Representative** means a member, manager, officer, director, partner, employee, or agent.

**Reserved rate** The percentage of newly minted tokens that a project wishes to withhold for custom distributions. The project owner can pre-program a list of addresses, other DAO project owners, and contracts that adhere to IJBSplitsAllocator to split reserved tokens between. This is a technical feature of the Juicebox Protocol.

**Record**, used as a noun, means information that is inscribed on a tangible medium or that is stored in an electronic or other medium and is retrievable in perceivable form.

**Service provider** means the Person appointed by the DAO to perform administrative services, responsibilities, and duties to carry on the DAO's operations.

**Severability** In the event any one or more of the provisions of this Charter is for any reason held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, in whole or in part or in any respect, or in the event that any one or more of the provisions of this Charter operate or would prospectively operate to invalidate this Charter, then and in any such event, such provisions) only will be deemed null and void and will not affect any other provision of this Charter and the remaining provisions of this Charter will remain operative and in full force and effect and will not be affected, prejudiced, or disturbed thereby.

**Sign** means, with present intent to authenticate or adopt a record:

> -   (a) to execute or adopt a tangible symbol; or
> -   (b) to attach to or logically associate with the record an electronic symbol, sound, or process.

**Start timestamp** The timestamp at which the funding cycle is considered active. Projects can configure the start time of their first funding cycle to be in the future and can ensure reconfigurations don't take effect before a specified timestamp. Once a funding cycle ends, a new one automatically starts right away. If there's an approved reconfiguration queued to start at this time, it will be used. Otherwise, a copy of the rolled over funding cycle will be used.

**State** means a state of the United States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, or any territory or insular possession subject to the jurisdiction of the United States.

**Token** means a digital unit that is recognized by the Designated Client on the Designated Blockchain Network as capable of: (i) being uniquely associated with or “owned” by a particular public-key address on the Designated Blockchain Network at each particular block height; and (ii) having Transfers of such digital unit recorded on the Designated Blockchain.

**Total Available Capital** Represents the total deployable capital in treasury reserves that can be used to fund DAO initiatives. Token holders will vote to determine how to use “Total Available Capital” reserves.

**Transfer** includes:

> -   (a) an assignment;
> -   (b) a conveyance;
> -   (c) a sale;
> -   (d) a lease;
> -   (e) an encumbrance, including a mortgage or security interest;
> -   (f) a gift; and
> -   (g) a transfer by operation of law.
> -   (h) of a Token to a given address (the “Receiving Address”) on the Designated Blockchain Network will be deemed to have occurred if and only if it is recognized by the Designated Client on the Designated Blockchain Network that: (i) there has been duly transmitted to the Designated Blockchain Network a new transfer function transaction that:(A) provides for the reassociation of the Designated Token with the Receiving Address; and (B) is signed by a private key that is (or a group of private keys that together are) sufficient to authorize the execution of such transfer function; and (ii) such transaction has been Confirmed.

**TVL** Total Value Locked into a Smart Contract or set of Smart Contracts that may be deployed or stored at one or more exchanges or markets. This is used as a measurement of investor deposits. It is the dollar value of all the coins or tokens locked into a platform, protocol, lending program, yield farming program, or insurance liquidity pool.

**Volatility** A statistical measure of the price variation of an asset. Newer early-stage projects in the explosive growth stage tend to see very high volatility in the price of their assets in their early days. Volatile assets are often considered riskier than less volatile assets because the price is expected to be less predictable.

**Unincorporated nonprofit association** means an unincorporated organization consisting of [two] or more members joined under an agreement that is oral, in a record, or implied from conduct, for one or more common, nonprofit purposes. The term does not include:

> -   (a) a trust;
> -   (b) a marriage, domestic partnership, common law domestic relationship, civil union, or other domestic living arrangement;
> -   (c) an organization formed under any other statute that governs the organization and operation of unincorporated associations;
> -   (d) a joint tenancy, tenancy in common, or tenancy by the entireties even if the co-owners share use of the property for a nonprofit purpose; or
> -   (e) a relationship under an agreement in a record that expressly provides that the relationship between the parties does not create an unincorporated nonprofit association.

**Weight** A number used to determine how many project tokens should be minted and transferred when payments are received during the funding cycle. In other words, weight is the exchange rate between the project token and a currency (defined by a JBPayoutRedemptionPaymentTerminal) during that funding cycle. Project owners can configure this directly or allow it to be derived automatically from the previous funding cycle's weight and discount rate. This is a technical feature of the Juicebox Protocol.

**Web3** an idea for a new iteration of the World Wide Web which incorporates concepts such as decentralization, blockchain technologies, and token-based economics.

**Web3 tools** The key characteristics of Web3 tools may include personal assistance learning, artificial intelligence, multimedia information, interoperability, and semantic nature. Tools used for the governance, tokenization, membership, voting and operation of a DAO.

**Yield farming** Yield farming is the practice of staking or lending crypto assets in order to generate high returns or rewards in the form of additional cryptocurrency. This innovative yet risky and volatile application of decentralized finance (DeFi) has skyrocketed in popularity recently thanks to further innovations like liquidity mining. In short, yield farming protocols incentivize liquidity providers (LP) to stake or lock up their crypto assets in a smart contract-based liquidity pool. These incentives can be a percentage of transaction fees, interest from lenders or a governance token (see liquidity mining below). These returns are expressed as an annual percentage yield (APY). As more investors add funds to the related liquidity pool, the value of the issued returns decrease accordingly.
