---
title: Purpose
sidebar_position: 2
---

The primary purpose of the DAO is to enable programmable, community-focused, fiat-compatible, legally compliant[^1] Ethereum (**"Cryptocurrency"**) treasury applications which can operate at any scale, openly on the blockchain. The DAO community collaborates with traditional and non-traditional organizations and communities to build, deploy and maintain the DAO applications through coordination smart-contracts such as Gnosis multi-signature smart contracts (**"Gnosis"**), and Juicebox protocol compatible treasuries (**"Juicebox"**)[^2].

The Juicebox protocol provides a framework for funding and operating projects **("Member Projects")** openly on Ethereum, enabling censorship-resistant, Cryptocurrency-focused treasuries. Juicebox protocol contracts allow communities to deploy an administrative NFT, deploy programmable payment terminals for receiving Cryptocurrency, Ethereum, (**"Contributions"**), distribute funds (**"Payouts"**), deploy project tokens (**"Project Tokens"**) for community membership, by employing funding cycles (**"Funding cycles"**) which are time-locked and enforce treasury constraints.

The DAO researches, develops, and maintains the legal framework to enable informal associations and formal entities to migrate and/or expand their treasuries to accept Cryptocurrency. The DAO develops Cryptocurrency wallet solutions to facilitate and simplify the on/off-boarding of Cryptocurrency, enhance the management of Cryptocurrency wallets, Multi-signature wallets, traditional banking, and credit/debit card integration. The DAO enables Member Projects to create and deploy directly integrated and Crypto-native products, providing rich, sustainable opportunities for Member Projects and their Contributions to thrive and scale.

The DAO oversees and manages the DAO's Endowment (**"Endowment"**) which funds the DAO applications, manages the DAO's endowment capital, and seeds or provides ecosystem grants as proposed by the application's core contributors (**"Core Contributors"**)[^3].

The DAO's vision is the summation of these efforts.

In bullet point form, the DAO is developing an application which includes the following features and goals:

- supporting JuiceboxDAO and the Juicebox protocol community
- built-in support for Cryptocurrency wallets, Gnosis, traditional banking, credit/debit card on-off-ramps
- simplified multi-signature management interaction
- legal structure/governance document generation in conjunction with treasury deployments
- compatibility with the Juicebox protocol, pass-through creation for certain Member Projects
- diverse NFT product tooling for creators and membership communities alike
- treasury diversification and token management
- reputation scoring and ranking for treasuries, member projects, and members
- enabling and fostering public goods and community-focused projects
- developing sustainable public/private good community models
- developing a sustainable endowment fund for member projects and Core Contributors

The DAO is a Delaware Unincorporated Nonprofit Association, operating from contributions to its [Gnosis Safe](https://etherscan.io/address/0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6), with $16,271,642.46 as of August 10, 2022. The Gnosis Safe initial signers are coordinated by dao-lawfirm.eth, the DAO's Service Provider. DAOLABS IP, LLC provides all the tooling to the DAO via a perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free license and right, and all ancillary and subsidiary rights therein within the field of use of the DAO's non-profit charter.

[^1]: Including for traditional entities such as unincorporated, incorporated, for-profit, non-profit, associations, etc.
[^2]: [Juicebox protocol v2](https://info.juicebox.money/dev/resources/addresses), [Gnosis Safe](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-contracts), etc.
[^3]: DAO's Endowment subject to the legal structure and relationship between the DAO, DAOLABS, LLC.
