---
title: Code of Conduct
sidebar_position: 3
---

This is the Code of Conduct for Movement DAO and its community.

#### Community

Before being designated as a DAO Steward, each candidate must accept the DAO's Code of Conduct, the DAO's Community Impact and Enforcement Guidelines, the DAO's Privacy Policy, and the DAO's Terms and Conditions.

In the event of a breach of the Code of Conduct or any applicable terms and conditions, the DAO reserves the right to remove DAO Stewards from their position.

Views, statements and opinions expressed by a DAO Steward do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the DAO Association or any of its affiliated entities, and shall be considered individual and personal statements of the selected candidate. The DAO Association shall not in any case be held responsible for any views, statements or opinions of any kind expressed by the DAO Steward.

Every Steward must act and interact in ways that contribute to an open, welcoming, diverse, and inclusive community. By their participation in the community, every Steward agrees to make our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, visible or invisible disability, ethnicity, sex, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation. Any behaviour contrary to this spirit of tolerance is unacceptable, and those acting contrary will be immediately excluded from the Steward Program, and prevented from any and all privileges granted to DAO Stewards.

#### Community Standards

Examples of behavior that contributes to a positive environment for our community include:
- Making education a priority, both for ourselves and the wider community.
- Demonstrating empathy and kindness toward other people.
- Embodying the values of the forthcoming DAO Manifesto.
- Being respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and experiences.
- Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback.
- Accepting responsibility and apologizing to those affected by our mistakes, and learning from the experience.
- Focusing on what is best not just for us as individuals, but for the overall community.
- Upholding the DAO's purpose through the wishes of the community and its members.
- Execute and sign transactions using the Steward's Cryptographic keys on behalf of and at the discretion of the Community.

Examples of unacceptable behavior include:
- The use of sexualized language or imagery, and sexual attention or advances of any kind.
- Trolling, insults, derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks.
- Public or private harassment.
- Publishing others’ private information (NCC and/or PII), such as a home or email address, without their explicit consent.
- Discussing the price of a token or asset, or giving any type of financial advice.
- Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting.
- Unauthorized use of the DAO's Cryptographic keys to sign any transaction which has not been ratified by the DAO's governance process.

#### Community Impact and Enforcement Guidelines

DAO Stewards will follow the Community Impact and Enforcement Guidelines listed below in determining the consequences for any action they deem in violation of the Code of Conduct:
##### 1. Correction
**Transgression:** The use of inappropriate language or other behavior deemed unprofessional or unwelcome in the community.

**Consequence:** Deletion or removal of the post in question, along with communication of which rule was violated and how to avoid such violations in the future. If the action was in person: direct communication with that individual to identify which rule was violated (and how to avoid such violations in the future).

##### 2. Warning
**Transgression:** A violation through a single incident or series of actions.

**Consequence:** A warning with consequences for continued inappropriate behavior. No interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction with those enforcing the Code of Conduct, for a specified period of time. This includes interactions in community spaces as well as external channels like Telegram, Discord, Reddit, Community Forum, etc. Violating these terms may lead to a temporary or permanent ban.

##### 3. Temporary Ban
**Transgression:** A serious violation of community standards, including sustained inappropriate behavior.

**Consequence:** A temporary ban from any sort of interaction or public communication with the Community for a specified period of time. No public or private interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction with those enforcing the Code of Conduct, is allowed during this period. Violating these terms may lead to a permanent ban.

##### 4. Permanent Ban
**Transgression:** Demonstrating a pattern of violating community standards, including sustained inappropriate behavior, harassment, aggression, or disparagement towards individuals or classes of individuals.

**Consequence:** Permanent removal from any sort of interaction or public communication with the Community for an indefinite period of time. If an individual has alternate accounts those may be removed as well. No public or private interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction with those enforcing the Code of Conduct.

#### Other

Notwithstanding the above community standards and enforcement guidelines, the DAO and its service provider(s) reserve the right to exclude any participant of the DAO Stewards program in case of breach of the Code of Conduct or any applicable terms and conditions.

---

#### Acknowledgement and Acceptance

The DAO signers and stewards each acknowledge and accept the above Code of Conduct, Community Impact and Enforcement Guidelines, as well as the DAO Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions, and provide the following signed messages in attestation.

|Ethereum Address|Signed Message|
|-|-|
| [`0x752515a3A1091b9f1c04416CF79D1F14d2340085`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x752515a3a1091b9f1c04416cf79d1f14d2340085)||
| [`0x468f178672C86bFA02e5E1B0413C3ccf55A37409`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x468f178672C86bFA02e5E1B0413C3ccf55A37409)||
| [`0x550bD0F03580B9a687931af4d837F8e45D61d410`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x550bD0F03580B9a687931af4d837F8e45D61d410)||
| [`0x746cf650d4E5431474E8D4E2d5B6Bbe53772b498`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x746cf650d4E5431474E8D4E2d5B6Bbe53772b498)||
| [`0xDbE76F6ae97dFD5bdd1D7DAD8972740d18aB2b57`](https://etherscan.io/address/0xDbE76F6ae97dFD5bdd1D7DAD8972740d18aB2b57)||
