---
title: Governance
sidebar_position: 7
---

# Governance Process

Movement DAO is governed by its community, as expressed through MAPE token voting.

## Phase 0: Discussion

Authors are encouraged to create a proposal discussion thread in the `#✍️｜proposal-workshop` channel of the [Movement DAO Discord](https://discord.gg/movexyz). See [How to Create a Proposal](../proposals) for best practices.

## Phase 1: Temperature Check

Once finalized, authors can submit their proposals to Movement DAO's [Temperature Check Space](https://snapshot.org/#/movedao.eth) as a basic, single-choice vote. The Temperature Check Space grants one vote to each MAPE holder. As the legal custodian of Movement DAO, dao-lawfirm.eth maintains the right to revoke proposals which endanger the Movement Endowment during this stage. After 45 days, proposals in this stage will be archived.

## Phase 2: Consensus

Every 14 days, proposals with at least 10 "For" votes in the [Temperature Check Space](https://snapshot.org/#/movedao.eth) are moved to Movement DAO's [Consensus Space](https://snapshot.org/#/snapshot.movedao.eth) as basic single choice votes which last seven days. Each MAPE corresponds to one vote in the Consensus Space.

## Phase 3: Execution

Once voting closes, proposals which receive more than 66% "For" votes are queued for execution by the [Movement Multisig](../multisig). "Abstain" votes are not included in this calculation.

## Emergency Governance

In an emergency scenario, the Movement Multisig can take onchain actions if explicit public approval from 80 percent or more of Multisig members and explicit public approval from dao-lawfirm.eth is received.
