---
title: Development Budget
sidebar_position: 3
---

```
Title: Payout to developer.movedao.eth to bootstrap product development
Author: tankbottoms.eth, filipv
Date: 2022-07-01
id: 3
```

#### Definitions

-   **DAO** means Move, Movement or Movement DAO
-   **MAPE** means Movement DAO's Ascended Ape Collection

## Thesis

The DAO Dapp requires development time, documentation, legal documentation, user interface, branding and additional features before engaging the larger community. The exact time frame, costs and scope are best estimates by existing expenses, and budgets for additional resources, and are subject to change. However, this proposal is the first draw from the DAO's treasury will directly bootstrap the DAO's product development both in terms of clarifying legal boundaries and in terms of product development.

#### Prototypes

-   [Treasury Juicebox Dapp](https://juicebox.wtf/). This frontend, backend is a complete re-implementation of the Juicebox Peel frontend. It differs as it is compiled, a fraction of the size, and implemented from the ground up as components.
-   [https://identity-develop.web.app/]

Transfer to [developer.movedao.eth](0x2187e6a7c765777d50213346F0Fe519fCA706fbD) 1,500,000 DAI to pay for 4 months of technical product development, transitioning development expenses, community building resources, legal, accounting, branding, design resources including retroactive reimbursements and expenses borne by dao-lawfirm.eth, tankbottoms.eth, ryan-breslow.eth.

This is a one-time payment which will cover ramping up the DAO's development of the tooling, documentation, and structure to support the DAO's growth. Additionally, the recruiting of a product program manager, meatspace entity management, and accounting support will be covered by this payment.

## Motivation

Currently, payouts are funded privately, development and resource staffing are inconsistent, the processes are opaque and invoke major overhead for contributors, and large part handled by tankbottoms.eth, his private company, Meow, dao-lawfirm.eth. Additionally, the requirements for individuals and each circumstance in the development space has been handled on a case-by-case basis to recruit and retain talent, specific to blockchain, and the significant legal and accounting overhead that comes with it.

The first budget will allow the DAO to start transitioning expenses to the appropriate entity and with greater transparency. Delegation of recruiting efforts to the development team, including diverse payout schemes, diverse on-off ramp application requirements, and intellectual property concerns and DAO affiliates such as DAOLABS, LLC. Due to the majority of the treasury in DAI and support within Juicebox Protocol for DAI both un-deployed and untested at scale, the dao-lawfirm.eth recommended to continue use of the multisig for payouts.

## Risks

-   Transparent operation of the DAO uncertain with the entity structure undetermined
-   Juicebox DAI terminal has not been deployed to mainnet
-   These funds may not be ideally distributed.
-   These funds may be more useful later on.
-   The DAO is delegating major responsibility by approving a budget for 3 months, which increases risk.

## Specification

| id  | role      | ethereum address                                                    | monthly budget | annualized | governance tokens | notes |
| --- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------- | ---------- | ----------------- | ----- |
| 1   | developer | [developer.movedao.eth](0x2187e6a7c765777d50213346F0Fe519fCA706fbD) | 500,000        | 6,000,000  | 0                 |       |

The DAO and its advisors have reached a consensus that there will partner legal entities to provide form and discrete functions as the vision of an open treasury and governance application. The unincorporated non-profit DAO will service as outreach for those needs in public goods are unserved by the for-profit motives, the DAO will have non-exclusive rights to the intellectual property of the product. Contributors to the DAO Gnosis will be eligible to receive membership tokens by which to participate in the governance of the DAO.

To service the needs of the product intellectual property the formation of DAOLABS, LLC was formed to retain the intellectual property developed to date and to engage with development staff to continue with the development of the product. The intellectual property will be licensed to DAOLABS, Inc a for-profit corporation which will execute the for-profit function of the product including the relationships with payment processor providers, cryptocurrency on-off-ramp providers, and other data services for which the product requires. Additionally, the DAOLABS, Inc will distribute options to individual contributors and stock to financial contributors including potential future investors.

potential investors, previous contributors,

### Bootstrap expenses

-   establish the DAO as an Delaware UNA, a registered legal entity;
-   establish an accounting, tax reporting, structure for the DAO wrt on/off-ramp services;
-   establish for-profit reg. in support the DAO's mission, e.g. DAOLABS, LLC, Inc.;
-   establish intellectual property protection rights for the DAO, wrt DAOLABS, LLC, Inc,;
-   transfer all current expenses borne by dao-lawfirm.eth, and any other entity to the DAO;
-   provide 3 months of proposed expenses, as detailed below;

### Agreements and Contracts

### Intellectual Property

### Proposed Budget

-   [Proposed budget through December 2022](./10.%20movement-proposal-budget.pdf)

## Rationale:

To support this proposal, I have:

-   Support

## Timeline:

By block, date or funding cycle
