---
title: Ratifications
sidebar_position: 4
---

```
Title: Ratifications of Service Provider and Affiliate Actions
Author: tankbottoms.eth
Creation Date: 2022-07-11
ID: 4
```

#### Definitions

-   **DAO** means Move, Movement or Movement DAO
-   **MAPE** means Movement DAO's Ascended Ape Collection
-   **DAPP** means Decentralized Application

### Thesis

As the DAO community directed, and the dao-lawfirm.eth, its Service Provider concurred, the DAO should establish formal entities which are legally recognized by both regulatory bodies and financial institutions to allow the DAO to fully realize its potential and purpose. To this end, this proposal establishes the DAO as a unincorporated non-profit association in the state of Delaware, United States.

## The DAO Group

The DAO ratifies the establishment of the following affiliates: MEOW, LLC., DAOLABS, LLC, DAOLABS IP, INC., and PEACEDAO UNA.

This proposal ratifies the actions of certain individuals to formalize the DAO as a Delaware non-profit association, its banking account, and the DAO's affiliates including DAOLABS, LLC, DAOLABS, Inc., together which are referred to herein as the "DAO Group" or "DAO affiliates".

## Abstract

The DAO members should ratify the indemnification of certain individuals who have acted on behalf of the DAO in various capacities, legal, accounting, including the disbursing of funds, at the behest of other members, the community or for the benefit of the DAO.

### Authorization of "Meatspace" Activities

Authorize tankbottoms.eth, goodtimeswith.fuzzyhandcuffs.eth to act on the DAO Group behest, ratified by the DAO Members, with all matters related to establishing the entity legal and financial registration, registration with any regulatory bodies, financial institutions, and are fully authorized in all matters in furtherance of this activity. Futhermore, the DAO Group requires onboarding and accounting relationships with 3rd party Cryptocurrency processor companies, intellectual property matters, and other matters related to the inter-group relationship with financing, intellectual property licensing, copyright and registration, regulatory activities associated with any significate fundraising activities. Future token, options, stock issuances are also authorized.

It is anticipated that the registering of the DAO Group in various jurisdictions including state of Washington, Florida and Delaware and British Virgin Islands, nonetheless, the above referenced individuals are further authorized to take any action in furtherance of establishing banking relationships with the various parties.

### Indemnification of the DAO Service Provider and Certain Individuals

Pursuant to the needs of the DAO in meatspace, aka IRL, with regards to the aforementioned. The DAO will indemnify the above individuals for any and all costs, fees, expenses, and liabilities incurred in the performance of their duties as a DAO Member, and/or DAO Service Provider, and/or DAO Affiliate.

Neither any Service Provider nor any DAO members and agents shall be liable to the DAO, and shall be indemnified and held harmless for any loss or damage resulting from any act or omission performed or omitted in good faith, including gross negligence or willful misconduct, in pursuance of the authority granted to pursue the purpose and interests of the DAO. Moreover, no authorized individual shall be liable to the DAO because any taxing authorities disallow or adjust any deductions or credits in the DAO tax returns. The Member may authorize the DAO to pay expenses incurred by, or to satisfy a judgment or fine rendered or levied against, the Manager, any liquidating trustee or any present or former employee of the DAO, in an action brought by a third party against such person (whether or not the DAO is joined as a party defendant) to impose a liability or penalty on such person for an act alleged to have been committed by such person while a Manager, Member, liquidating trustee or employee of the DAO, provided the Person to be indemnified was acting in good faith within what he reasonably believed to be the scope of his employment or authority and for a purpose which he reasonably believed to be in furtherance of the purpose and best interests of the DAO or the Member. Payments authorized by this Article 3 include amounts paid and expenses incurred in settling such action or threatened action. The indemnification authorized by this Article shall be made from the assets of the DAO and no Member shall be personally liable to an indemnitee. This Article shall inure to the benefit of the Manager and the Member and any future employees and agents of the DAO (including any liquidating trustee) and their respective officers, directors, shareholders, members, agents, successors and assigns.

## Motivation

### Ratifications of Prior Disbursements

Resolved, the Members do hereby ratify and affirm each and every action undertaken by the Service Provider on behalf of the DAO wherein said DAO has full knowledge of said act and wherein the act has been fully and accurately stated and explained to the DAO.

### Ratification of Future Disbursements

_This section is intentionally left blank._

## Risks

## Specification

## Timeline

Authors: [0x30670D81E487c80b9EDc54370e6EaF943B6EAB39](https://etherscan.io/address/0x30670d81e487c80b9edc54370e6eaf943b6eab39), [0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E](https://etherscan.io/address/0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E)
