---
title: Treasury Committee
sidebar_position: 7
---

```
Title: Appointment of a Treasury Committee
Author: tankbottoms.eth, filipv.eth
Date: 2022-08-10
id: 7
```

#### Definitions

-   **DAO** means Move, Movement or Movement DAO
-   **MAPE** means Movement DAO's Ascended Ape Collection

## Thesis

The DAO should appoint an initial treasury committee to provide the community with monthly recommendations. The DAO's commitment to the community is to instill confidence in the long-term success of the DAO's endowment by which to stimulate the growth of the DAO's ecosystem.

## Abstract

On August 10, 2022, USD/ETH was $1,775.348.

On June 18, 2022, the DAO had ~869 ETH at an average acquired price of $2,875.00. Between June 18, 2022 and June 30, 2022, the DAO acquired an additional $450,000.00 worth of ETH between $900.26 and $1,030.32 for a total of ETH 448.6697898 currently worth $813,362.06. The treasury committee should present recommendations to the DAO on asset allocation, protocol investments and other activities to leverage the DAO's endowment.

## Motivation

The DAO could earn interest on its assets by investing in Compound Finance's cDAI and Lido DAO's stETH. The DAO has held the vast majority of its assets since February, 2022 and has not earned any interest to date.

## Risks

The DAO assets will be exposed to:

-   Institutional risks to Compound Finance, Lido DAO.
-   Smart contract risk affecting cDAI and stETH.
-   Slashing risks associated with stETH.
-   Risk associated with coordinated oracle attacks.
-   Risks inherent to the Ethereum ecosystem and the consensus layer merge, including bugs and a failure to reach required merge adoption levels.
-   Incompetent recommendations from its treasury committee.

## Specification

The initial treasury committee should be comprised of:

|        Name         |                  Address                   | Description |
| :-----------------: | :----------------------------------------: | :---------- |
| tankbottoms.eth[^1] | 0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E |             |

Nominees?

## Timeline

The initial treasury committee should provide recommendations 30 days after this proposal passing.

Authors: [0x30670D81E487c80b9EDc54370e6EaF943B6EAB39](https://etherscan.io/address/0x30670d81e487c80b9edc54370e6eaf943b6eab39), [0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E](https://etherscan.io/address/0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E)

[^1]: For the purpose of the committee, tankbottoms.eth does not count towards the three (3) individuals and will act in the capacity of the secretary reducing the recommendations to meeting notes.
