# Initialization

```
Author: tankbottoms.eth
Creation Date: 2022-07-11
ID: 0
```

### Background

On or about December 1, 2021, dao-lawfirm.eth began representing a dozen private individuals who collectively expressed interest to experiment with the thesis:

Could a new type of application framework, relying on smart contracts for organizational governance and accounting, operate in a completely decentralized way? Could decentralized applications and smart contracts facilitate greater change than traditional tools when addressing the needs of individuals and scaling to millions of communities?

Starting on February 2, 2022, almost 99 Gnosis Safes and externally owned addresses seeded over $15m into the DAO Gnosis safe (eth:0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6) over the course of two weeks. This represented the initial commitment to this vision. dao-lawfirm.eth, acting as the connector, pooled individuals from the worlds of law, economics, traditional finance, non-profit organizations, for-profit organizations, government enforcement, interface design, and blockchain engineering to assemble a plan to enable this vision.

The following wishes were conveyed:

1. dao-lawfirm.eth will retain veto right in order to protect governance during the "slow-start".
2. The DAO values the privacy and work product of its members.
3. The DAO shall recommend a wrapped structure to ensure compliance to applicable laws and regulations.
4. Accounting and governance must be implemented prior to any consistent access to capital.
5. There shall be no information asymmetry regarding any governance process.

In order to achieve these wishes, the following steps were taken:

1. dao-lawfirm.eth created trusts and Gnosis Safe multi-signature("multisig") wallets to fund the DAO.
2. Multisig signers were appointed, custodying funds until sufficient DAO tooling can be deployed.
3. Proposals for payouts to individuals were limited to 3 months periods.

The initial multisig wallets are as follows:

|     | Ethereum Address                           | Contribution  | Etherscan                                                               |
| :-: | :----------------------------------------- | :-----------: | :---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 1.  | 0x752515a3A1091b9f1c04416CF79D1F14d2340085 | $9,986,386.32 | https://etherscan.io/address/0x752515a3a1091b9f1c04416cf79d1f14d2340085 |
| 2.  | 0x468f178672C86bFA02e5E1B0413C3ccf55A37409 |               | https://etherscan.io/address/0x468f178672C86bFA02e5E1B0413C3ccf55A37409 |
| 3.  | 0x550bD0F03580B9a687931af4d837F8e45D61d410 |               | https://etherscan.io/address/0x550bD0F03580B9a687931af4d837F8e45D61d410 |
| 4.  | 0x746cf650d4E5431474E8D4E2d5B6Bbe53772b498 |               | https://etherscan.io/address/0x746cf650d4E5431474E8D4E2d5B6Bbe53772b498 |
| 5.  | 0xDbE76F6ae97dFD5bdd1D7DAD8972740d18aB2b57 |               | https://etherscan.io/address/0xDbE76F6ae97dFD5bdd1D7DAD8972740d18aB2b57 |

### DAO Governance NFT

In order to invite thought leadership and to reward pioneers in decentralized governance, investment in a Bored Ape No. 1420 was approved, upon which a derivative collection was created and distributed (eth:0xdd407a053fa45172079916431d06E8e07f655042). This rewarded early governance contributions from proposal authors and voters. Individuals who contributed to the Discord community were also provided with NFTs which allowed them to participate in the DAO's governance process. While all of the original Gnosis contributors were airdropped NFTs, the DAO's voting strategy will also take the address's contribution weight into account (independently from their NFT holdings).

### Kickstart Governance

Until the DAO platform is fully operational the following governance will be implemented:

Voting weight will be calculated based on contributions to the Movement Gnosis Safe. ETH contributions will be weighted based on their USD value at the time of contribution, which will be combined with DAI contributions to determine Snapshot voting power. Individuals with the DAO NFT will be able to participate by submitting proposals. Until the DAO platform is operational, token emission will be limited to Gnosis Safe contributors. Reserved issuance and project token issuance will be unavailable. This allows individuals with DAO NFTs to present proposals and signal interest, while Gnosis contributors can vote on the best ideas.

### Timeline

This temporary governance stopgap is conditionally approved for 6 months to allow for the DAO platform to be operational. dao-lawfirm.eth will oversee all expenses via the developer multi-signature with a cap of $2m to allow for sufficient runway.

### Treasury Oversight

The existing Gnosis multi-signature (eth:0xdd407a053fa45172079916431d06E8e07f655042) has not utilized Compound Finance APY since April 2022. Even the most conservative supply rate of 0.47% APY, would generate $54,278 (0.39% APY) per month, or $165,000 cumulatively. Additionally, asset diversification (such as purchasing Ethereum at recent lows) have not been leveraged. To take advantage of these options, the DAO ought to appoint a treasury committee where individuals with prior experience managing at least at least $1,000,000 worth of cryptocurrency for at least four years are to make monthly written recommendations to the DAO. Reasonable contributor recommendations approved by a committee member will also be considered.

### Prior Governance Proposals

[Governance MIP-001](https://snapshot.org/#/movedao.eth/proposal/0x5494278f1f52faed8f2a0d61f0909d81d92364fa871a2b9183a61ce179bc7671)
[IPFS](https://snapshot.mypinata.cloud/ipfs/QmRDyENgBHSDNr3YuoGhS3yvnyzNfumtxoKm39h8NsD9Jn)

### Snapshot Spaces

-   [Proposals](https://snapshot.org/#/movedao.eth) To be retired (given the baseUri).
-   [Temp-check](https://snapshot.org/#/tempcheck.movedao.eth) A space for temp-check after discussions in Discord.
-   [Proposals](https://snapshot.org/#/snapshot.movedao.eth) The final Snapshot space for DAO.
