---
title: Banking Authorization
sidebar_position: 5
---

```
Title: Banking Relationship
Author: tankbottoms.eth, filipv.eth
Creation Date: 2022-07-10
ID: 5
```

#### Definitions

- **DAO** means Move, Movement or Movement DAO
- **MAPE** means Movement DAO's Ascended Ape Collection
- **DAPP** means Decentralized Application

## Thesis

The DAO should establish a banking relationship so that it may integrate its DAPP with a payment processor and accept payments in fiat currency.

## Abstract

In order for a financial institution to establish a banking relationship with the DAO, the DAO must be able to provide the following information within the Specification section.

## Motivation

The DAO's fiat contributions are currently facilitated by the dao-lawfirm.eth as the DAO's service provider and thus is manual, will not scale, and may cause tax implications or reporting implications unforeseen currently.

## Risks

The DAO is unable to accept any fiat from any party and thus reduces the amount of funds available.

## Specification

DAO Resolution to Open a Bank Account
Bank: Chase Bank
Acct #: `_____________________________________________________`

As Members of the DAO named above, we certify that the DAO has been organized within the bounds of state law as a Unincorporated Non-profit Association of Washington and Delaware with its service provider's principal office located at: Law Offices of Reed Yurchak, 620 131st Ave NE, Bellevue, WA 98005.

The DAO by way of this Snapshot vote between August 10 and 20, 2022, a quorum was present and voting and adopted the following resolutions:

- Resolved, that the financial institution named above is designated as a depository for the funds of this DAO, which may be withdrawn on checks, drafts, advices of debit, notes, or other orders for payments bearing any member of this DAO.
- Further Resolved, that the financial institution will accept and pay on, without further inquiry, any checks or debits drawn against any of the DAO’s accounts. The checks or debits will be honored by the financial institution whether the item has been drawn or endorsed to the order of the below signed member; tendered by the authorized member for the purpose of cashing or payment; or for deposit to the member’s personal account. The financial institution will not be required to inquire as to the use of any check or debit signed in accordance with the resolutions contained herein.
- Further Resolved, that the authorized below member may execute other agreements, including, but not limited to, special depository agreements, and arrangements concerning the manner, condition, and/or purposes for which funds, checks, debits, or items of the DAO may be deposited, collected, or withdrawn, as long as these other agreements are not contrary to the provisions contained in this resolution.
- Further Resolved, that the power granted to the DAO’s appointed authorized member will remain in full force and effect until written notice has been delivered and received by the financial institution at each location where an account is maintained. The financial institution will be indemnified and held harmless from any losses suffered or liabilities incurred by continuing to act in accordance with this resolution.

  The DAO via the passing of this proposal further attest that the authorized persons named below occupy the stated positions, as indicated by their signatures, and that the resolutions contained in this document are recorded on [Snapshot](https://snapshot.org/#/movedao.eth), and these resolutions are in full force and effect and have not been altered in any way.

[Signatures on the following page]

Agree to all of the above on this 8th day of August, 2022.

CERTIFIED TO AND ATTESTED BY:

`_________________________________________________`
DAO Member: Benjamin Reed, Secretary, DAO Member

## Timeline

- 2022-08-10: Proposal submitted

Authors: [0x30670D81E487c80b9EDc54370e6EaF943B6EAB39](https://etherscan.io/address/0x30670d81e487c80b9edc54370e6eaf943b6eab39), [0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E](https://etherscan.io/address/0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E)
