---
title: Indemnification
sidebar_position: 6
---

```
Title: Indemnification
Author: tankbottoms.eth
Creation Date: 2022-07-11
ID: 6
```

## Thesis

## Abstract

## Motivation

## Risks

## Specification

### Indemnification of Certain Individuals

Pursuant to the needs of the DAO in meatspace, aka IRL, with regards to the aforementioned. The DAO will indemnify the above individuals for any and all costs, fees, expenses, and liabilities incurred in the performance of their duties as a DAO Member, and/or DAO Service Provider, and/or DAO Affiliate.

Neither any service provider nor any DAO members and agents shall be liable to the DAO, and shall be indemnified and held harmless for any loss or damage resulting from any act or omission performed or omitted in good faith, including gross negligence or willful misconduct, in pursuance of the authority granted to pursue the purpose and interests of the DAO. Moreover, no authorized individual shall be liable to the DAO because any taxing authorities disallow or adjust any deductions or credits in the DAO tax returns. The Member may authorize the DAO to pay expenses incurred by, or to satisfy a judgment or fine rendered or levied against, the Manager, any liquidating trustee or any present or former employee of the DAO, in an action brought by a third party against such person (whether or not the DAO is joined as a party defendant) to impose a liability or penalty on such person for an act alleged to have been committed by such person while a Manager, Member, liquidating trustee or employee of the DAO, provided the Person to be indemnified was acting in good faith within what he reasonably believed to be the scope of his employment or authority and for a purpose which he reasonably believed to be in furtherance of the purpose and best interests of the DAO or the Member. Payments authorized by this Article 3 include amounts paid and expenses incurred in settling such action or threatened action. The indemnification authorized by this Article shall be made from the assets of the DAO and no Member shall be personally liable to an indemnitee. This Article shall inure to the benefit of the Manager and the Member and any future employees and agents of the DAO (including any liquidating trustee) and their respective officers, directors, shareholders, members, agents, successors and assigns.

### Background

## Timeline

---

Authors: [0x30670D81E487c80b9EDc54370e6EaF943B6EAB39](https://etherscan.io/address/0x30670d81e487c80b9edc54370e6eaf943b6eab39), [0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E](https://etherscan.io/address/0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E)
