SCREENPLAY LABS, INC.

CONSULTING AGREEMENT

This Consulting Agreement (this "***Agreement***") is made and entered
into as of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (the "***Effective
Date***"), by and between ScreenPlay Labs, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the "***Company***"), and
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, an individual with
his/her principal place of business at
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
("***Consultant***") (each herein referred to individually as a
"***Party***," or collectively as the "***Parties***").

The Company desires to retain Consultant as an independent contractor to
perform consulting services for the Company, and Consultant is willing
to perform such services, on the terms described below. In consideration
of the mutual promises contained herein, the Parties agree as follows:

# **Services and Compensation**

# Consultant shall perform the services described in **Exhibit A** (the "***Services***") for the Company (or its designee), and the Company agrees to pay Consultant the compensation described in **Exhibit A** for Consultant's performance of the Services. {#consultant-shall-perform-the-services-described-in-exhibit-a-the-services-for-the-company-or-its-designee-and-the-company-agrees-to-pay-consultant-the-compensation-described-in-exhibit-a-for-consultants-performance-of-the-services. .list-paragraph}

# **Applicability to Past Activities**

# Consultant agrees that if and to the extent that Consultant provided any services or made efforts on behalf of or for the benefit of Company, or related to the current or prospective business of Company in anticipation of Consultant's involvement with the Company, that would have been "Services" if performed during the term of this Agreement (the "***Prior Consulting Period***") and to the extent that during the Prior Consulting Period: (i) Consultant received access to any information from or on behalf of Company that would have been "Confidential Information" (as defined below) if Consultant received access to such information during the term of this Agreement; or (ii) Consultant (a) conceived, created, authored, invented, developed or reduced to practice any item (including any intellectual property rights with respect thereto) on behalf of or for the benefit of Company, or related to the current or prospective business of Company in anticipation of Consultant's involvement with Company, that would have been an "Invention" (as defined below) if conceived, created, authored, invented, developed or reduced to practice during the term of this Agreement; or (b) incorporated into any such item any pre-existing invention, improvement, development, concept, discovery or other proprietary information that would have been a "Prior Invention" (as defined below) if incorporated into such item during the term of this Agreement; then any such information shall be deemed "Confidential Information" hereunder and any such item shall be deemed an "Invention" or "Prior Invention" hereunder, and this Agreement shall apply to such activities, information or item as if disclosed, conceived, created, authored, invented, developed or reduced to practice during the term of this Agreement. Consultant further acknowledges that Consultant has been fully compensated for all services provided during any such Prior Consulting Period. {#consultant-agrees-that-if-and-to-the-extent-that-consultant-provided-any-services-or-made-efforts-on-behalf-of-or-for-the-benefit-of-company-or-related-to-the-current-or-prospective-business-of-company-in-anticipation-of-consultants-involvement-with-the-company-that-would-have-been-services-if-performed-during-the-term-of-this-agreement-the-prior-consulting-period-and-to-the-extent-that-during-the-prior-consulting-period-i-consultant-received-access-to-any-information-from-or-on-behalf-of-company-that-would-have-been-confidential-information-as-defined-below-if-consultant-received-access-to-such-information-during-the-term-of-this-agreement-or-ii-consultant-a-conceived-created-authored-invented-developed-or-reduced-to-practice-any-item-including-any-intellectual-property-rights-with-respect-thereto-on-behalf-of-or-for-the-benefit-of-company-or-related-to-the-current-or-prospective-business-of-company-in-anticipation-of-consultants-involvement-with-company-that-would-have-been-an-invention-as-defined-below-if-conceived-created-authored-invented-developed-or-reduced-to-practice-during-the-term-of-this-agreement-or-b-incorporated-into-any-such-item-any-pre-existing-invention-improvement-development-concept-discovery-or-other-proprietary-information-that-would-have-been-a-prior-invention-as-defined-below-if-incorporated-into-such-item-during-the-term-of-this-agreement-then-any-such-information-shall-be-deemed-confidential-information-hereunder-and-any-such-item-shall-be-deemed-an-invention-or-prior-invention-hereunder-and-this-agreement-shall-apply-to-such-activities-information-or-item-as-if-disclosed-conceived-created-authored-invented-developed-or-reduced-to-practice-during-the-term-of-this-agreement.-consultant-further-acknowledges-that-consultant-has-been-fully-compensated-for-all-services-provided-during-any-such-prior-consulting-period. .list-paragraph}

# **Confidentiality**

## ***Definition of Confidential Information*.** "***Confidential Information***" means any non-public information that relates to the actual or anticipated business and/or products, research or development of the Company, its affiliates or subsidiaries, or to the Company's, its affiliates' or subsidiaries' technical data, trade secrets, or know-how, including, but not limited to, research, product plans, or other information regarding the Company's, its affiliates' or subsidiaries' products or services and markets therefor, customer lists and customers (including, but not limited to, customers of the Company on whom Consultant called or with whom Consultant became acquainted during the term of this Agreement), software, developments, inventions, processes, formulas, technology, designs, drawings, engineering, hardware configuration information, marketing, finances, and other business information disclosed by the Company, its affiliates or subsidiaries, either directly or indirectly, in writing, orally or by drawings or inspection of premises, parts, equipment, or other property of Company, its affiliates or subsidiaries. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall not include any such information which Consultant can establish (i) was publicly known or made generally available prior to the time of disclosure to Consultant; (ii) becomes publicly known or made generally available after disclosure to Consultant through no wrongful action or inaction of Consultant; or (iii) is in the rightful possession of Consultant, without confidentiality obligations, at the time of disclosure as shown by Consultant's then-contemporaneous written records. 

## ***Nonuse and Nondisclosure*.** During and after the term of this Agreement, Consultant will hold in the strictest confidence, and take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information, and Consultant will not (i) use the Confidential Information for any purpose whatsoever other than as necessary for the performance of the Services on behalf of the Company, or (ii) disclose the Confidential Information to any third party without the prior written consent of an authorized representative of Company, except that Consultant may disclose Confidential Information to any third party on a need-to-know basis for the purposes of Consultant performing the Services; provided, however, that such third party is subject to written non-use and non-disclosure obligations at least as protective of Company and the Confidential Information as this Article 3. Consultant may also disclose Confidential Information to the extent compelled by applicable law; *provided however*, prior to such disclosure, Consultant shall provide prior written notice to Company and seek a protective order or such similar confidential protection as may be available under applicable law. Consultant agrees that no ownership of Confidential Information is conveyed to the Consultant. Without limiting the foregoing, Consultant shall not use or disclose any Company property, intellectual property rights, trade secrets or other proprietary know-how of the Company to invent, author, make, develop, design, or otherwise enable others to invent, author, make, develop, or design identical or substantially similar designs as those developed under this Agreement for any third party. Consultant agrees that Consultant's obligations under this Section B shall continue after the termination of this Agreement. 

## ***Other Client Confidential Information*.** Consultant agrees that Consultant will not improperly use, disclose, or induce the Company to use any proprietary information or trade secrets of any former or concurrent employer of Consultant or other person or entity with which Consultant has an obligation to keep in confidence. Consultant also agrees that Consultant will not bring onto the Company's premises or transfer onto the Company's technology systems any unpublished document, proprietary information, or trade secrets belonging to any third party unless disclosure to, and use by, the Company has been consented to in writing by such third party. 

## ***Third Party Confidential Information*.** Consultant recognizes that the Company has received and in the future will receive from third parties their confidential or proprietary information subject to a duty on the Company's part to maintain the confidentiality of such information and to use it only for certain limited purposes. Consultant agrees that at all times during the term of this Agreement and thereafter, Consultant owes the Company and such third parties a duty to hold all such confidential or proprietary information in the strictest confidence and not to use it or to disclose it to any person, firm, corporation, or other third party except as necessary in carrying out the Services for the Company consistent with the Company's agreement with such third party.

# **Ownership**

## ***Assignment of Inventions*.** Consultant agrees that all right, title, and interest in and to any copyrightable material, notes, records, drawings, designs, inventions, improvements, developments, discoveries and trade secrets conceived, discovered, authored, invented, developed or reduced to practice by Consultant, solely or in collaboration with others, during the term of this Agreement and arising out of, or in connection with, performing the Services under this Agreement and any copyrights, patents, trade secrets, mask work rights or other intellectual property rights relating to the foregoing (collectively, "***Inventions***"), are the sole property of the Company. Consultant also agrees to promptly make full written disclosure to the Company of any Inventions and to deliver and assign (or cause to be assigned) and hereby irrevocably assigns fully to the Company all right, title and interest in and to the Inventions.

## ***Pre-Existing Material*s.** Subject to Section A, Consultant agrees that if, in the course of performing the Services, Consultant incorporates into any Invention or utilizes in the performance of the Services any pre-existing invention, discovery, original works of authorship, development, improvements, trade secret, concept, or other proprietary information or intellectual property right owned by Consultant or in which Consultant has an interest ("***Prior Invention**s*"), (i) Consultant will provide the Company with prior written notice and (ii) the Company is hereby granted a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, worldwide license (with the right to grant and authorize sublicenses) to make, have made, use, import, offer for sale, sell, reproduce, distribute, modify, adapt, prepare derivative works of, display, perform, and otherwise exploit such Prior Inventions, without restriction, including, without limitation, as part of or in connection with such Invention, and to practice any method related thereto. Consultant will not incorporate any invention, improvement, development, concept, discovery, work of authorship or other proprietary information owned by any third party into any Invention without Company's prior written permission.

## ***Moral Rights*.** Any assignment to the Company of Inventions includes all rights of attribution, paternity, integrity, modification, disclosure and withdrawal, and any other rights throughout the world that may be known as or referred to as "moral rights," "artist's rights," "droit moral," or the like (collectively, "***Moral Rights***"). To the extent that Moral Rights cannot be assigned under applicable law, Consultant hereby waives and agrees not to enforce any and all Moral Rights, including, without limitation, any limitation on subsequent modification, to the extent permitted under applicable law.

## ***Maintenance of Records*.** Consultant agrees to keep and maintain adequate, current, accurate, and authentic written records of all Inventions made by Consultant (solely or jointly with others) during the term of this Agreement, and for a period of three (3) years thereafter. The records will be in the form of notes, sketches, drawings, electronic files, reports, or any other format that is customary in the industry and/or otherwise specified by the Company. Such records are and remain the sole property of the Company at all times and upon Company's request, Consultant shall deliver (or cause to be delivered) the same.

## ***Further Assurances*.** Consultant agrees to assist Company, or its designee, at the Company's expense, in every proper way to secure the Company's rights in Inventions in any and all countries, including the disclosure to the Company of all pertinent information and data with respect thereto, the execution of all applications, specifications, oaths, assignments and all other instruments that the Company may deem necessary in order to apply for, register, obtain, maintain, defend, and enforce such rights, and in order to deliver, assign and convey to the Company, its successors, assigns and nominees the sole and exclusive right, title, and interest in and to all Inventions and testifying in a suit or other proceeding relating to such Inventions. Consultant further agrees that Consultant's obligations under this Section E shall continue after the termination of this Agreement. 

## ***Attorney-in-Fact*.** Consultant agrees that, if the Company is unable because of Consultant's unavailability, dissolution, mental or physical incapacity, or for any other reason, to secure Consultant's signature with respect to any Inventions, including, without limitation, for the purpose of applying for or pursuing any application for any United States or foreign patents or mask work or copyright registrations covering the Inventions assigned to the Company in Section A, then Consultant hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as Consultant's agent and attorney-in-fact, to act for and on Consultant's behalf to execute and file any papers and oaths and to do all other lawfully permitted acts with respect to such Inventions to further the prosecution and issuance of patents, copyright and mask work registrations with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Consultant. This power of attorney shall be deemed coupled with an interest, and shall be irrevocable.

# **Conflicting Obligations**

## Consultant represents and warrants that Consultant has no agreements, relationships, or commitments to any other person or entity that conflict with the provisions of this Agreement, Consultant's obligations to the Company under this Agreement, and/or Consultant's ability to perform the Services. Consultant will not enter into any such conflicting agreement during the term of this Agreement.

## Consultant shall require all Consultant's employees, contractors, or other third-parties performing Services under this Agreement to execute a Confidential Information and Assignment Agreement in the form of Exhibit B, and promptly provide a copy of each such executed agreement to the Company. Consultant's violation of this Article 5 will be considered a material breach under Section B.

# **Return of Company Materials** 

# Upon the termination of this Agreement, or upon Company's earlier request, Consultant will immediately deliver to the Company, and will not keep in Consultant's possession, recreate, or deliver to anyone else, any and all Company property, including, but not limited to, Confidential Information, tangible embodiments of the Inventions, all devices and equipment belonging to the Company, all electronically-stored information and passwords to access such property, those records maintained pursuant to Section D and any reproductions of any of the foregoing items that Consultant may have in Consultant's possession or control. {#upon-the-termination-of-this-agreement-or-upon-companys-earlier-request-consultant-will-immediately-deliver-to-the-company-and-will-not-keep-in-consultants-possession-recreate-or-deliver-to-anyone-else-any-and-all-company-property-including-but-not-limited-to-confidential-information-tangible-embodiments-of-the-inventions-all-devices-and-equipment-belonging-to-the-company-all-electronically-stored-information-and-passwords-to-access-such-property-those-records-maintained-pursuant-to-section-d-and-any-reproductions-of-any-of-the-foregoing-items-that-consultant-may-have-in-consultants-possession-or-control. .list-paragraph}

# **Reports**

# Consultant agrees that Consultant will periodically keep the Company advised as to Consultant's progress in performing the Services under this Agreement. Consultant further agrees that Consultant will, as requested by the Company, prepare written reports with respect to such progress. The Company and Consultant agree that the reasonable time expended in preparing such written reports will be considered time devoted to the performance of the Services. {#consultant-agrees-that-consultant-will-periodically-keep-the-company-advised-as-to-consultants-progress-in-performing-the-services-under-this-agreement.-consultant-further-agrees-that-consultant-will-as-requested-by-the-company-prepare-written-reports-with-respect-to-such-progress.-the-company-and-consultant-agree-that-the-reasonable-time-expended-in-preparing-such-written-reports-will-be-considered-time-devoted-to-the-performance-of-the-services. .list-paragraph}

# **Term and Termination**

## ***Term*.** The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date of this Agreement and will continue until the earlier of (i) final completion of the Services or (ii) termination as provided in Section B.

## ***Termination*.** The Company may terminate this Agreement upon giving Consultant fourteen (14) days prior written notice of such termination pursuant to Section G of this Agreement. The Company may terminate this Agreement immediately and without prior notice if Consultant refuses to or is unable to perform the Services or is in breach of any material provision of this Agreement.

## ***Survival*.** Upon any termination, all rights and duties of the Company and Consultant toward each other shall cease except:

### The Company will pay, within thirty (30) days after the effective date of termination, all amounts owing to Consultant for Services completed and accepted by the Company prior to the termination date and related reimbursable expenses, if any, submitted in accordance with the Company's policies and in accordance with the provisions of Article 1 of this Agreement; and

### Article 3 (Confidentiality), Article 4 (Ownership), Section B (Conflicting Obligations), Article 6 (Return of Company Materials), Article 8 (Term and Termination), Article 9 (Independent Contractor; Benefits), Article 10 (Indemnification), Article 11 (Noninterference), Article 12 (Limitation of Liability), Article 13 (Arbitration and Equitable Relief), and Article 14 (Miscellaneous) will survive termination or expiration of this Agreement in accordance with their terms.

# **Independent Contractor; Benefits**

## ***Independent Contractor.*** It is the express intention of the Company and Consultant that Consultant perform the Services as an independent contractor to the Company. Nothing in this Agreement shall in any way be construed to constitute Consultant as an agent, employee or representative of the Company. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Consultant is not authorized to bind the Company to any liability or obligation or to represent that Consultant has any such authority. Consultant agrees to furnish (or reimburse the Company for) all tools and materials necessary to accomplish this Agreement and shall incur all expenses associated with performance, except as expressly provided in **Exhibit A**. Consultant acknowledges and agrees that Consultant is obligated to report as income all compensation received by Consultant pursuant to this Agreement. Consultant agrees to and acknowledges the obligation to pay all self-employment and other taxes on such income.

## ***Benefits*.** The Company and Consultant agree that Consultant will receive no Company-sponsored benefits from the Company where benefits include, but are not limited to, paid vacation, sick leave, medical insurance and 401k participation. If Consultant is reclassified by a state or federal agency or court as the Company's employee, Consultant will become a reclassified employee and will receive no benefits from the Company, except those mandated by state or federal law, even if by the terms of the Company's benefit plans or programs of the Company in effect at the time of such reclassification, Consultant would otherwise be eligible for such benefits.

# **Indemnification**

# Consultant agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its affiliates and their directors, officers and employees from and against all taxes, losses, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees and other legal expenses, arising directly or indirectly from or in connection with (i) any negligent, reckless or intentionally wrongful act of Consultant or Consultant's assistants, employees, contractors or agents, (ii) a determination by a court or agency that the Consultant is not an independent contractor, (iii) any breach by the Consultant or Consultant's assistants, employees, contractors or agents of any of the covenants contained in this Agreement and corresponding Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement, (iv) any failure of Consultant to perform the Services in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, or (v) any violation or claimed violation of a third party's rights resulting in whole or in part from the Company's use of the Inventions or other deliverables of Consultant under this Agreement. {#consultant-agrees-to-indemnify-and-hold-harmless-the-company-and-its-affiliates-and-their-directors-officers-and-employees-from-and-against-all-taxes-losses-damages-liabilities-costs-and-expenses-including-attorneys-fees-and-other-legal-expenses-arising-directly-or-indirectly-from-or-in-connection-with-i-any-negligent-reckless-or-intentionally-wrongful-act-of-consultant-or-consultants-assistants-employees-contractors-or-agents-ii-a-determination-by-a-court-or-agency-that-the-consultant-is-not-an-independent-contractor-iii-any-breach-by-the-consultant-or-consultants-assistants-employees-contractors-or-agents-of-any-of-the-covenants-contained-in-this-agreement-and-corresponding-confidential-information-and-invention-assignment-agreement-iv-any-failure-of-consultant-to-perform-the-services-in-accordance-with-all-applicable-laws-rules-and-regulations-or-v-any-violation-or-claimed-violation-of-a-third-partys-rights-resulting-in-whole-or-in-part-from-the-companys-use-of-the-inventions-or-other-deliverables-of-consultant-under-this-agreement. .list-paragraph}

# **Nonsolicitation**

# To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, from the date of this Agreement until twelve (12) months after the termination of this Agreement for any reason (the "***Restricted Period***"), Consultant will not, without the Company's prior written consent, directly or indirectly, solicit any of the Company's employees to leave their employment, or attempt to solicit employees of the Company, either for Consultant or for any other person or entity. Consultant agrees that nothing in this Article 11 shall affect Consultant's continuing obligations under this Agreement during and after this twelve (12) month period, including, without limitation, Consultant's obligations under Article 3. {#to-the-fullest-extent-permitted-under-applicable-law-from-the-date-of-this-agreement-until-twelve-12-months-after-the-termination-of-this-agreement-for-any-reason-the-restricted-period-consultant-will-not-without-the-companys-prior-written-consent-directly-or-indirectly-solicit-any-of-the-companys-employees-to-leave-their-employment-or-attempt-to-solicit-employees-of-the-company-either-for-consultant-or-for-any-other-person-or-entity.-consultant-agrees-that-nothing-in-this-article-11-shall-affect-consultants-continuing-obligations-under-this-agreement-during-and-after-this-twelve-12-month-period-including-without-limitation-consultants-obligations-under-article-3. .list-paragraph}

# **Limitation of Liability**

# IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY BE LIABLE TO CONSULTANT OR TO ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS OR LOSS OF BUSINESS, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER COMPANY WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY. IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY'S LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNTS PAID BY COMPANY TO CONSULTANT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR THE SERVICES, DELIVERABLES OR INVENTION GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY. {#in-no-event-shall-company-be-liable-to-consultant-or-to-any-other-party-for-any-indirect-incidental-special-or-consequential-damages-or-damages-for-lost-profits-or-loss-of-business-however-caused-and-under-any-theory-of-liability-whether-based-in-contract-tort-including-negligence-or-other-theory-of-liability-regardless-of-whether-company-was-advised-of-the-possibility-of-such-damages-and-notwithstanding-the-failure-of-essential-purpose-of-any-limited-remedy.-in-no-event-shall-companys-liability-arising-out-of-or-in-connection-with-this-agreement-exceed-the-amounts-paid-by-company-to-consultant-under-this-agreement-for-the-services-deliverables-or-invention-giving-rise-to-such-liability. .list-paragraph}

# **Arbitration and Equitable Relief** 

## ***Arbitration*.** In consideration of Consultant's consulting relationship with Company, its promise to arbitrate all disputes related to Consultant's consulting relationship with the Company and Consultant's receipt of the compensation and other benefits paid to Consultant by Company, at present and in the future, Consultant agrees that any and all controversies, claims, or disputes with anyone (including Company and any employee, officer, director, shareholder or benefit plan of the Company in their capacity as such or otherwise), WHETHER BROUGHT ON AN INDIVIDUAL, GROUP, OR CLASS BASIS, arising out of, relating to, or resulting from Consultant's consulting relationship with the Company or the termination of Consultant's consulting relationship with the Company, including any breach of this Agreement, shall be subject to binding arbitration under the Arbitration pursuant to DELAWARE law, and shall be brought in consultant's individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding. THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT SHALL CONTINUE TO APPLY WITH FULL FORCE AND EFFECT NOTWITHSTANDING THE APPLICATION OF PROCEDURAL RULES SET FORTH IN THE ACT. **Disputes which Consultant agrees to arbitrate, and thereby agrees to waive any right to a trial by jury**, **include any statutory claims under LOCAL, state, or federal law, including, but not limited to, claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the SARBANES-OXLEY ACT, THE WORKER ADJUSTMENT AND RETRAINING NOTIFICATION ACT, claims of harassment, discrimination AND wrongful termination and any statutory OR COMMON LAW claims.** Consultant further understands that this Agreement to arbitrate also applies to any disputes that the Company may have with Consultant. 

## ***Procedure*.** Consultant agrees that any arbitration will be administered by Judicial Arbitration & Mediation Services, Inc. ("***JAMS***") pursuant to its EMPLOYMENT Arbitration Rules & Procedures (the "***JAMS Rules***"), WHICH ARE AVAILABLE AT http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-employment-arbitration/ AND FROM HUMAN RESOURCES AND ATTACHED HERETO AS EXHIBIT C. Consultant agrees that the arbitrator shall have the power to decide any motions brought by any party to the arbitration, including motions for summary judgment and/or adjudication and motions to dismiss and demurrers. Consultant agrees that the arbitrator shall issue a written decision on the merits. CONSULTANT ALSO AGREES THAT THE ARBITRATOR SHALL HAVE THE POWER TO AWARD ANY REMEDIES AVAILABLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, AND THAT THE ARBITRATOR SHALL AWARD ATTORNEYS' FEES AND COSTS TO THE PREVAILING PARTY WHERE PROVIDED BY APPLICABLE LAW. CONSULTANT AGREES that the decree or award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered as a final and binding judgment in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Consultant agrees that the arbitrator shall administer and conduct any arbitration in ACCORDANCE with DELAWARE LAW, and that the arbitrator shall apply substantive and procedural DELAWARE law to any dispute or claim, without reference to rules of conflict of law. To the extent that the JAMS Rules conflict with DELAWARE law, Delaware law shall take precedence. Consultant further agrees that any arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted in KING COUNTY, WASHINGTON. 

## ***Remedy*.** Except as provided by the ACT AND THIS AGREEMENT, arbitration shall be the sole, exclusive, and final remedy for any dispute between Consultant and the Company. Accordingly, except as provided for by the ACT AND this agreement, neither Consultant nor the Company will be permitted to pursue court action regarding claims that are subject to arbitration. 

## ***Availability of Injunctive Relief*.** the Parties agree that any party may also petition the court for injunctive relief where either party alleges or claims a violation of any agreement regarding INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, confidential information OR NONINTERFERENCE. In the event either party seeks injunctive relief, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover reasonable costs and attorneys' fees.

## ***Administrative Relief.*** Consultant understands that except as permitted by law this Agreement does not prohibit Consultant from pursuing certain Administrative claimS with local, state or federal administrative bodIES OR GOVERNMENT AGENCIES such as the Department of Fair Employment and Housing, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, or the workers' compensation board. this agreement does, however, preclUde consultant from bringing any alleged wage claims with the Department of labor standards enforcement. Likewise, This Agreement does preclude Consultant from pursuing court action regarding any Administrative claims, except as permitted by law.

## ***Voluntary Nature of Agreement.*** Consultant acknowledges and agrees that he/she is executing this Agreement voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence by the Company or anyone else. Consultant further acknowledges and agrees that he/she has carefully read this Agreement and that Consultant has asked any questions needed for Consultant to understand the terms, consequences and binding effect of this Agreement and fully understand it, including that ***Consultant is waiving his/her right to a jury trial***. Finally, Consultant agrees that he/she has been provided an opportunity to seek the advice of an attorney of Consultant's choice before signing this Agreement.

# **Miscellaneous**

## ***Governing Law; Consent to Personal Jurisdiction*.** This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions of any jurisdiction. To the extent that any lawsuit is permitted under this Agreement, the Parties hereby expressly consent to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located in Washington.

## ***Assignability*.** This Agreement will be binding upon Consultant's heirs, executors, assigns, administrators, and other legal representatives, and will be for the benefit of the Company, its successors, and its assigns. There are no intended third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement, except as expressly stated. Except as may otherwise be provided in this Agreement, Consultant may not sell, assign or delegate any rights or obligations under this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Company may assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any successor to all or substantially all of Company's relevant assets, whether by merger, consolidation, reorganization, reincorporation, sale of assets or stock, change of control or otherwise.

## ***Entire Agreement*.** This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between the Parties with respect to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior written and oral agreements, discussions, or representations between the Parties. Consultant represents and warrants that he/she is not relying on any statement or representation not contained in this Agreement. To the extent any terms set forth in any exhibit or schedule conflict with the terms set forth in this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall control unless otherwise expressly agreed by the Parties in such exhibit or schedule.

## ***Headings*.** Headings are used in this Agreement for reference only and shall not be considered when interpreting this Agreement.

## ***Severability*.** If a court or other body of competent jurisdiction finds, or the Parties mutually believe, any provision of this Agreement, or portion thereof, to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the Parties, and the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect. 

## ***Modification, Waiver.*** No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, will be effective unless in a writing signed by the Parties. Waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement will not operate as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach.

## ***Notices*.** Any notice or other communication required or permitted by this Agreement to be given to a Party shall be in writing and shall be deemed given (i) if delivered personally or by commercial messenger or courier service, (ii) when sent by confirmed facsimile, or (iii) if mailed by U.S. registered or certified mail (return receipt requested), to the Party at the Party's address written below or at such address as the Party may have previously specified by like notice. If by mail, delivery shall be deemed effective three business days after mailing in accordance with this Section G.

## ***Attorneys' Fees*.** In any court action at law or equity that is brought by one of the Parties to this Agreement to enforce or interpret the provisions of this Agreement, the prevailing Party will be entitled to reasonable attorneys' fees, in addition to any other relief to which that Party may be entitled.

## ***Signatures.*** This Agreement may be signed in two counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, with the same force and effectiveness as though executed in a single document.

\[*signature page follows*\]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Consulting
Agreement as of the date first written above.

**CONSULTANT SCREENPLAY LABS, INC.**

By: By:

Name: Name:

Title: Title:

Address for Notice:

**EXHIBIT A**

**SERVICES AND COMPENSATION**

1.  ***Contact*.** Consultant's principal Company contact:

> Mark Vrieling
>
> Chief Executive Officer
>
> mark.vrieling@screenplayinc.com

2.  ***Services***. The Services will include, but will not be limited
    to, the following:

> \[*Describe services*\]\[and such other services that the Company may
> reasonably request from time to time\]

3.  ***Compensation*.**

    A.  \[The Company will pay Consultant \$\_\_\_\_\_\_ upon delivery
        by the Consultant and acceptance by the Company of
        \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, as described in Article 2 above.\]

**OR**

A.  \[The Company will pay Consultant \$\_\_\_\_\_\_ per hour, except
    that Consultant will not be paid for more than \_\_\_\_\_\_ hours
    per week.\]

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
B.  The Company will reimburse Consultant, in accordance with Company
    policy, for all reasonable expenses incurred by Consultant in
    performing the Services pursuant to this Agreement, if Consultant
    receives written consent from an authorized agent of the Company
    prior to incurring such expenses and submits receipts for such
    expenses to the Company in accordance with Company policy.

**AND/OR**

C.  \[Subject to the approval of the Company's Board of Directors, the
    Company will grant Consultant a nonqualified stock option to
    purchase \[\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\_)\] shares of the Company's Common
    Stock (the "**Shares**") at a price per share equal to the fair
    market value per share of the Common Stock on the date of grant, as
    determined by the Company's Board of Directors. Shares will vest
    \[monthly\] in equal amount over \[\_\_\_\_\_ (\_)\] years after the
    date \[Consultant's vesting begins\], subject to Consultant
    continuing to provide Services to the Company pursuant to this
    Agreement, and no shares shall vest before such date and no rights
    to any vesting shall be earned or accrued prior to such date. The
    Shares will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Company's
    \[\_\_\_\] Equity Incentive Plan and a stock option agreement
    between Consultant and the Company, including vesting
    requirements.\]

\[Every two weeks,\] Consultant shall submit to the Company a written
invoice for Services and expenses, and such statement shall be subject
to the approval of the contact person listed above or other designated
agent of the Company. \[The Company will remit payment for properly
submitted and approved invoices within \[thirty (30)\] days following
invoice submission.\]

All payments and benefits provided for under this Agreement are intended
to be exempt from or otherwise comply with the requirements of
Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the
regulations and guidance thereunder (together, "**Section 409A**") so
that none of the severance payments and benefits to be provided
hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section
409A, and any ambiguities or ambiguous terms herein will be interpreted
to be exempt or so comply. Each payment and benefit payable under this
Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of
Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations.

This **Exhibit A** is accepted and agreed upon as of \[*insert date*\].

**CONSULTANT SCREENPLAY LABS, INC.**

By: By:

Name: Name:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Title: Title:

**EXHIBIT B**

**FORM OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT**

(*Attached*)

CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

This Confidential Information and Assignment Agreement (this
"***Agreement***") is entered into as of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, by and between
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
("***Consultant***") and
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
("***Service Provider***"), \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of
Consultant.

**RECITALS**

A. The Consultant and ScreenPlay Labs, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"***Company***"), have entered into a Consulting Agreement, dated
\[*insert effective date of Consulting Agreement*\] (the "***Consulting
Agreement***").

B. Article 5 of the Consulting Agreement requires Consultant to have
each of Consultant's employees and contractors with access to
Confidential Information (as defined below) execute this Agreement.

C. Service Provider is \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of
Consultant, who is performing for the Company the services, or a portion
of the services, described in **Exhibit A** of the Consulting Agreement
(the "***Services***").

D. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement shall have
the meanings assigned to them in the Consulting Agreement.

**AGREEMENT**

In consideration of the mutual promises contained herein, the Parties
agree as follows:

1.  **Confidentiality**

    A.  ***Definition*.** "***Confidential Information***" means any
        non-public information that relates to the actual or anticipated
        business and/or products, research or development of the
        Company, or to the Company's technical data, trade secrets, or
        know-how, including, but not limited to, research, product
        plans, or other information regarding the Company's products or
        services and markets therefor, customer lists and customers
        (including, but not limited to, customers of the Company on whom
        Service Provider called or with whom Service Provider became
        acquainted during the term of Service Provider's employment or
        engagement), software, developments, inventions, processes,
        formulas, technology, designs, drawings, engineering, hardware
        configuration information, marketing, finances, and other
        business information disclosed by the Company either directly or
        indirectly in writing, orally or by drawings or inspection of
        premises, parts, equipment, or other Company property.
        Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall
        not include any such information which Service Provider can
        establish (i) was publicly known or made generally available
        prior to the time of disclosure by Company to Service Provider;
        (ii) becomes publicly known or made generally available after
        disclosure by Company to Service Provider through no wrongful
        action or omission of Service Provider; or (iii) is in the
        rightful possession of Service Provider, without confidentiality
        obligations, at the time of disclosure by Company as shown by
        Service Provider's then-contemporaneous written records.

    B.  ***Nonuse and Nondisclosure*.** During and after the term of
        this Agreement, Service Provider will hold in the strictest
        confidence, and take all reasonable precautions to prevent any
        unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information, and
        Service Provider will not (i) use the Confidential Information
        for any purpose whatsoever other than as necessary for the
        performance of the Services on behalf of the Company, or
        (ii) disclose the Confidential Information to any third party
        without the prior written consent of an authorized
        representative of Company. Service Provider agrees that no
        ownership of Confidential Information is conveyed to the Service
        Provider. Without limiting the foregoing, Consultant shall not
        use or disclose any Company property, intellectual property
        rights, trade secrets or other proprietary know-how of the
        Company to invent, author, make, develop, or design, or
        otherwise enable others to invent, author, make, develop, design
        identical or substantially similar designs as those developed
        under this Agreement for any third party. Service Provider
        agrees that Service Provider's obligations under this Section B
        shall continue after the termination of this Agreement.

    C.  ***Other Service Provider's Confidential Information*.** Service
        Provider agrees that Service Provider will not improperly use,
        disclose, or induce the Company to use any proprietary
        information or trade secrets of any former or concurrent
        employer of Service Provider or other person or entity with
        which Service Provider has an obligation to keep in confidence.
        Service Provider also agrees that Service Provider will not
        bring onto the Company's premises or transfer onto the Company's
        technology systems any unpublished document, proprietary
        information, or trade secrets belonging to any third party
        unless disclosure to, and use by, the Company has been consented
        to in writing by such third party.

    D.  ***Third Party Confidential Information*.** Service Provider
        recognizes that the Company has received and in the future will
        receive from third parties their confidential or proprietary
        information subject to a duty on the Company's part to maintain
        the confidentiality of such information and to use it only for
        certain limited purposes. Service Provider agrees that at all
        times during the term of the Consulting Agreement and
        thereafter, Consultant and the Service Provider owe the Company
        and such third parties a duty to hold all such confidential or
        proprietary information in the strictest confidence and not to
        use it or to disclose it to any person, firm, corporation, or
        other third party except as necessary in carrying out the
        Services for the Company consistent with the Company's agreement
        with such third party.

2.  **Ownership.**

    A.  ***Assignment of Inventions*.** Service Provider agrees that all
        right, title, and interest in and to any copyrightable material,
        notes, records, drawings, designs, inventions, improvements,
        developments, discoveries and trade secrets conceived,
        discovered, authored, invented, developed or reduced to practice
        by Service Provider, solely or in collaboration with others,
        during the term of the Consulting Agreement and arising out of
        or in connection with performing the Services under the
        Consulting Agreement and any copyrights, patents, trade secrets,
        mask work rights or other intellectual property rights relating
        to the foregoing (collectively, "***Inventions***"), are the
        sole property of the Company. Service Provider also agrees to
        promptly make full written disclosure to the Company of any
        Inventions and to deliver and assign (or cause to be assigned)
        and hereby irrevocably assigns fully to the Company all right,
        title and interest in and to the Inventions.

    B.  ***Pre-Existing Material*s.** Subject to Section A of this
        Agreement, Service Provider agrees that if, in the course of
        performing the Services, Service Provider incorporates into any
        Invention or utilizes in the performance of the Services any
        pre-existing invention, discovery, original works of authorship,
        development, improvements, trade secret, concept, or other
        proprietary information or intellectual property right owned by
        Service Provider or in which Service Provider has an interest
        ("***Prior Inventions***"), (i) Service Provider will provide
        the Company with prior written notice, and (ii) the Company is
        hereby granted a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual,
        irrevocable, transferable, worldwide license (with the right to
        grant and authorize sublicenses) to make, have made, modify,
        use, import, offer for sale, sell, reproduce, distribute,
        modify, adapt, prepare derivative works of, display, perform,
        and otherwise exploit such Prior Inventions, without
        restriction, including, without limitation, as part of or in
        connection with such Invention, and to practice any method
        related thereto. Service Provider will not incorporate any
        invention, improvement, development, concept, discovery, work of
        authorship or other proprietary information owned by any third
        party into any Invention without Company's prior written
        permission.

    C.  ***Moral Rights*.** Any assignment to the Company of Inventions
        includes all rights of attribution, paternity, integrity,
        modification, disclosure and withdrawal, and any other rights
        throughout the world that may be known as or referred to as
        "moral rights," "artist's rights," "droit moral," or the like
        (collectively, "***Moral Rights***"). To the extent that Moral
        Rights cannot be assigned under applicable law, Service Provider
        hereby waives and agrees not to enforce any and all Moral
        Rights, including, without limitation, any limitation on
        subsequent modification.

    D.  ***Maintenance of Records*.** Service Provider agrees to keep
        and maintain adequate, current, accurate, and authentic written
        records of all Inventions made by Service Provider (solely or
        jointly with others) during the term of the Consulting
        Agreement, and for a period of three (3) years thereafter. The
        records will be in the form of notes, sketches, drawings,
        electronic files, reports, or any other format that is customary
        in the industry and/or otherwise specified by the Company. Such
        records are and remain the sole property of the Company at all
        times and upon Company's request, Service Provider shall deliver
        (or cause to be delivered) the same.

    E.  ***Further Assurances*.** Service Provider agrees to assist
        Company, or its designee, at the Company's expense, in every
        proper way to secure the Company's rights in Inventions in any
        and all countries, including the disclosure to the Company of
        all pertinent information and data with respect thereto, the
        execution of all applications, specifications, oaths,
        assignments and all other instruments that the Company may deem
        necessary in order to apply for, register, obtain, maintain,
        defend, and enforce such rights, and in order to deliver, assign
        and convey to the Company, its successors, assigns and nominees
        the sole and exclusive right, title, and interest in and to all
        Inventions and testifying in a suit or other proceeding relating
        to such Inventions. Service Provider further agrees that Service
        Provider's obligations under this Section E shall continue after
        the termination of this Agreement.

    F.  ***Attorney-in-Fact*.** Service Provider agrees that, if the
        Company is unable because of Service Provider's unavailability,
        dissolution, mental or physical incapacity, or for any other
        reason, to secure Service Provider's signature with respect to
        any Inventions, including, without limitation, for the purpose
        of applying for or pursuing any application for any United
        States or foreign patents or mask work or copyright
        registrations covering the Inventions assigned to the Company in
        Section A of this Agreement, then Service Provider hereby
        irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and its duly
        authorized officers and agents as Service Provider's agent and
        attorney-in-fact, to act for and on Service Provider's behalf to
        execute and file any papers and oaths and to do all other
        lawfully permitted acts with respect to such Inventions to
        further the prosecution and issuance of patents, copyright and
        mask work registrations with the same legal force and effect as
        if executed by Service Provider. This power of attorney shall be
        deemed coupled with an interest, and shall be irrevocable.

3.  **Conflicting Obligations.** Service Provider represents and
    warrants that Service Provider has no agreements, relationships, or
    commitments to any other person or entity that conflict with the
    provisions of this Agreement, Service Provider's obligations to the
    Company under this Agreement, and/or Service Provider's ability to
    perform the Services. Service Provider will not enter into any such
    conflicting agreement during the term of the Consulting Agreement.
    Service Provider shall have no right to subcontract the performance
    of any Services without the prior written permission of Company.
    Service Provider's violation of this Article 3 will be considered a
    material breach of this Agreement.

4.  **Return of Materials.** Upon the termination of the Consulting
    Agreement, or upon Company's earlier request, Service Provider will
    immediately deliver to the Company, and will not keep in Service
    Provider's possession, recreate, or deliver to anyone else, any and
    all Company property, including, but not limited to, Confidential
    Information, all tangible embodiments of the Inventions, all devices
    and equipment belonging to the Company, all electronically stored
    information and passwords to access such property, records
    maintained pursuant to Section D, and any reproductions of any of
    the foregoing items that Service Provider may have in Service
    Provider's possession or control.

5.  **Third-Party Beneficiary.** Consultant and Service Provider agree
    that the Company shall be deemed a direct and intended third-party
    beneficiary of this Agreement.

    \[*signature page follows*\]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Confidential
Information and Assignment Agreement as of the date first set forth
above.

**\[*INSERT SERVICE PROVIDER NAME*\] \[*INSERT CONSULTANT NAME*\]**

By: By:

Name: Name:

Title: Title:

**EXHIBIT C**

**JUDICIAL ARBITRATION & MEDIATION SERVICES, INC.**

**EMPLOYMENT ARBITRATION RULES & PROCEDURES**

\[SEE SECTION B\]
